Part A:
To stage the interaction with your interactive device, think about:

Setting: Where is this interaction happening? (e.g., a jungle, the kitchen) When is it happening?
This is happening in a bedroom, where a student is working from home, sleeping, eating, exercising, and socializing. They are performing many activites. 

Players: Who is involved in the interaction? Who else is there? If you reflect on the design of current day interactive devices like the Amazon Alexa, it’s clear they didn’t take into account people who had roommates, or the presence of children. Think through all the people who are in the setting.
The only player involved is the resident of the bedroom.

Activity: What is happening between the actors?
The player is using the light device to indicate her mood, stress levels, and feelings. 

Goals: What are the goals of each player? (e.g., jumping to a tree, opening the fridge).
The goals is that the light device monitors the stress levels of the person through signals sent from a smart watch. It then lights up according to the heart rate of the person - sleeping is a calm blue, red is high stress, light red is high stress + motion implying working out, etc.

The interactive device can be anything except a computer, a tablet computer or a smart phone, but the main way it interacts needs to be using light. Describe your setting, players, activity and goals here.
The interactive device is a ring that changes color.

Sketch a storyboard of the interactions you are planning. It does not need to be perfect, but must get across the behavior of the interactive device and the other characters in the scene. Include a picture of your storyboard here

Present your idea to the other people in your breakout room. You can just get feedback from one another or you can work together on the other parts of the lab. Summarize feedback you got here.
The feedback I recevied:
1. Keep the light on the ring subtle so that it's not distracting to you - Ritika
2. For the scope of this project, you should pick restrict the location to just your bedroom so maybe its better to have it be a table lamp
